Well, believe it or not, we are on to just about the last step in our app store.
Our payment service is emitting not a charge created event, but a payment created event.
As we discussed, we rename that kind of on the fly.
We're now going to receive that inside of our order service.
Inside the order service, we're going to update the order status over to complete or paid for or whatever
it was we call that final status.
So let's get to it back inside of my orders service.
I'll find my listeners directory and inside there I'll make a new file of payment created listener dots.
As usual at the very top, I'll add in a couple of imports from our common module.
So we're going to get subjects listener.
And our payment created event.
We'll get all that from our common module.
Well then go ahead and export a new class of payment created listener.
That will extend listener base class through in payment created event.
We'll define the subject as subjects, not payment created.
And the value as payment created.
At the top.
I'll also add in an import for our Q group name.
From the Q Group name file.
And do our assignment.
So Q.
Group name is Q.
Group name.
And then finally our on sync or async on message function.
This will have a type or an argument of data which is of type payment created event at data.
And then the message object, which is a type message and naturally let's add an import for message
at the top as well.
Okay.
Now the on message function.
So what we really need to do inside of here.
Well, pretty much all we need to do is take a look at the order inside of our order service.
We're going to make sure that we update the order status to paid or complete or, again, whatever that
status was.
So at the top of the file I am going to import our order model.
From up one directory up another directory.
Models order.
And I'll also get our order status from our common module.
So order status like so.
Then instead of on message, we're going to first take a look at all of our different orders and we're
going to try to find the appropriate order, the one that we just paid for.
As a reminder for this step, we have an order ID property inside of this data object.
We just put that data object together or the interface together.
So we've got order ID inside there.
So say order is a wait order dot find by ID and fasten data order ID.
Well, then, of course, do a quick check just to make sure that we actually found the correct order.
So if there is not an order now, let's just throw a new air.
And say order not found.
Otherwise we'll update the status of the order and then save it.
So we'll do an order.
Set.
We want to set it status property.
And again, we want to take a look at that order status enum inside there.
I believe the order status was something like paid.
So we're going to set it to order status dot.
Complete.
That's what we called it complete.
I mean, after setting that property, we will save the order.
And then naturally, for the last step, we're going to make sure we act the message so message like
so.
So I'm going to say this and then the last very quick thing we're going to do is go back to our index
file at the root of our CRC directory.
Inside the order service, we will import this payment created listener and make sure that we tell it
to start listening on our APS.
Start up inside the index file.
I'm going to go back up to the top.
And along with all of our other listeners inside of here, I will get the.
He meant.
Created listener.
From events, listeners omit created.
And then with all the other listeners will create the instance down here and tell it to start listening
for events.
The New Payment Created Listener.
Bass in the nets rapper client.
And start listing like so.
And that's pretty much it.
Okay.
So we got that last listener put together.
Now, one thing I want to mention here is that we are making a change to our order and we are saving
it.
And remember, every single time we make a save or make a change, that's going to increment the version
number.
And as we discussed previously, if we ever make a change and increment that version number without
emitting an event, that means that any time we emit a further event around this order, we might have
some missing versions for all of our other dependent services.
So ideally in this scenario, we would have an additional event type inside of our app, something to
just do something like, I don't know, order updated or something very similar to that.
That would definitely be ideal.
But in the context of our application, once an order goes into the complete status, that's pretty
much it.
Order is complete.
It's never going to be updated again.
So although we really technically should emit or publish even event here, just saying that this thing
has been updated just because I don't expect any other service to ever try to update an order after
this or to make any further changes.
I'm pretty much just going to leave it as it is.
This is really just in the context of this course to save a little bit of time.
So if you want to create a new event type of order updated and tell everyone else in the world or all
of our other services that the order has been updated, absolutely.
Feel free to do so.
But again, we're not going to take the time because we've spent quite a bit of time already in this
course on this entire application.
Okay.
So that's pretty much it.
Let's take a pause right here.
And as you guess, we're going to start to move back on to our React application in the next section.